Support non-linear phase dependencies (#122)
procore/handcuffs: README.md

The most basic configuration is an array of phase names, and using the first one as the default:

```ruby
# config/initializers/handcuffs.rb

Handcuffs.configure do |config|
  # pre_restart migrations will/must run before post_restart migrations
  config.phases = [:pre_restart, :post_restart]
  config.default_phase = :pre_restart
end
```

If you have more complex or asynchrous workflows, you can use an alternate hash notation that allows prerequisite stages to be specified explicitly:

```ruby
# config/initializers/handcuffs.rb

Handcuffs.configure do |config|
  config.phases = {
    # Prevent running post_restart migrations if there are outstanding
    # pre_restart migrations
    post_restart: [:pre_restart],
    # Require pre_restarts before data_migrations, but do not enforce ordering
    # between data_migrations and post_restarts
    data_migrations: [:pre_restart],
    # pre_restarts have no prerequisite phases
    pre_restart: []
  }
end
```

> The default phase order in this case is determined by [Tsort](https://github.com/ruby/tsort) (topilogical sort). In order to validate the configuration and expected phase order it is reccomended that you check the phase configuration after any changes using the rake task:

Reviewer: Typos (my bad)
```suggestion
The default phase order in this case is determined by [Tsort](https://github.com/ruby/tsort) (topological sort). In order to validate the configuration and expected phase order it is recommended that you check the phase configuration after any changes using the rake task:
```

rake 'handcuffs:migrate[all]'
```

> This differs from running `rake db:migrate` in that migrations will be run in the _order that the phases are defined in the handcuffs config_. By default, a phase is assumed to depend on all phases named before it. Phase dependencies can be customized by declaring a dependency graph explicitly:

Reviewer: We should have a changelog entry as well; either in this PR or when the release is pushed

```ruby
# config/initializers/handcuffs.rb

Handcuffs.configure do |config|
  config.phases = {
    # Prevent running post_restart migrations if there are outstanding
    # pre_restart migrations

>     post_restart: [:pre_restart],

Reviewer 2: **nb**: Even though this is the only additional configuration at the moment, it might worth an additional refactor here to make this more explicit:

```ruby
Handcuffs.configure do |config|
  phases << Phase.new(:pre_restart)
  phases << Phase.new(:post_restart, prerequisites: [:pre_restart]
end

# Or obsfuscate the initialization.
Handcuffs.configure do |config|
  config.phases = [
    :pre_restart,
    { post_restart: { prerequisites: [:pre_restart]}
  ]
end
```

Reviewer 3: Yeah, this is sort of where I started, then pared it back a bit. But another thing we want at some point is phase aliases (s.t. we can gradually do simplifying renames), and at that point, you sort of need something like this. Happy to take a swing at adding that.

Reviewer: I like the explicitness, but the notation gets more complicated and messy, and potentially more intricate parsing and validation as well.
In order to make the current simple config more usable by shortening the feedback loop, I [added a rake task](https://github.com/procore-oss/handcuffs/pull/123/files#diff-cc5f2bcfcf2126b33906a310b44128e285c9aa66996d24dce02f01d7d7dc364eR16-R25) that both validates and prints out what Handcuffs perceives to the be ordering and dependencies, so if there is any question in the end users mind they can all ways do a quick check and modify their configuration as needed.

    # Require pre_restarts before data_migrations, but do not enforce ordering
    # between data_migrations and post_restarts
    data_migrations: [:pre_restart],
    # pre_restarts have no prerequisite phases
    pre_restart: []
  }
end
```

> The phase order of `handcuffs:migrate[all]` will satisfy these dependencies, but is otherwise unspecified.

Reviewer: (unless there is an error in the config : )

```

*Note:* If you run phases out of order, or attempt to run a phase before outstanding migrations with a prerequisite phase have been run, a `HandcuffsPhaseOutOfOrderError` will be raised.

### Running All Migrations

In CI and local developement you may want to run all phases at one time.

Handcuffs offers a single command that will run all migrations in phases and in the configured order:

```bash
rake 'handcuffs:migrate[all]'
```

This differs from running `rake db:migrate` in that migrations will be run in batches corresponding to the _order that the phases are defined in the handcuffs config_. Again, you can use `rake handcuffs:phase_order` to preview the order ahead of time.

Of course, you can always run `rake db:migrate` at any time to run all migrations using the Rails default ordering and without regard to Handcuffs phase if you wish.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at <https://github.com/procore-oss/handcuffs>. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

> ## Running Tests Locally

Reviewer: We should change the example command in the paragraph below this line, from
```
rake spec
```
to
```
bundle exec appraisal rspec
```
to ensure all combinations of ruby and rails are tested
